Update User Guide ( change label shortcuts ) (#3085)
openvinotoolkit/cvat: cvat/apps/documentation/user_guide.md

![](static/documentation/images/image062.jpg)

**Fast label change**

> You can change the label of an object with the help of hot keys. First, you need to assign a number (from 0 to 9) to labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the label of an object using hot keys. In order to do it, you need to assign a number (from 0 to 9) to labels. By default numbers 1,2...0 are assigned to the first ten labels.
```

>  To do this, click on the button next to a label on the sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To assign a number, click on the button placed at the right of a label name on the sidebar.
```
